## Backend - Laravel flow
------------------
\routes\api.php
First routes\api.php will get called based on the action or call(http request) get or post corresponding functions in controller get called. 

Route::post('/createProduct',[ProductController::class, "createProduct"]); 
this call means from Angular if createProduct is called via post then trigger this createProduct function in ProductController 

//to read the record
Route::get('/readProduct',[ProductController::class, "readProduct"]);
this call means from Angular if readProduct is called via post then trigger this readProduct function in ProductController 

\app\Interfaces\ProductInterface.php
ProductInterface defines the Product Interface 
 
\app\Services\ProductService.php
ProductService defines the Service
actual functionality logic of crud operation goes here

\app\Http\Controllers\Controller.php
defines the successResponse for success==200 and failResponse for failure

\app\Http\Controllers\ProductController.php
validation handled, on crud calls corresponding navigations happen with json response with status of the call triggered via successResponse() or failResponse()

\app\csv\data.csv
where csv file is placed

\Application-Test\backend\tests\Feature\ExampleTest.php - test case for Laravel

to run the test case in laravel 
change this "../app/csv/data.csv" to "app/csv/data.csv" in ProductController.php and ProductService.php

php artisan test - command to check laravel test cases //please make above path change for it to run successfully

Implemented Docker 

docker system prune --all --volumes --force //already existing images delete

docker-compose -f docker-composer.yml up //generate image for both FN n BN

once image generated by name backend below is the command to run 

docker run -p 8000:8000 backend

## Frontend - Angular flow
------------------
\src\app\product.ts defines the product interface 

have used ngx-datatable for grid view, sorting on Field title, filter, multiselect(for delete operation)

\view show the Product view page 

\app\service\root\root.service.ts has get, post and handlemessage(toast) 

\app\service\product\product.service.ts has the api calls to Laravel 

\app\service\alert\alert.service.ts showToast defined making use of sweetalert2 to display all alerts

\app\product-view\product-view.component.ts product-view component has the ngx-datatable, search, new Product, delete Product for multiple selected rows. Each row has delete and edit operation. 

Onclick of +New in Parent(product-view.component), Child(product-create.component) is getting called with passing parentData(for Edit). Modal popup getting called from Parent component to child Component.
In Child(product-create.component) once user provides data for the form. The form data is passed with a flag set to differenciate edit and add operation. 
Both Parent-Child and Child-Parent communication have been described. 

used jasmine for test case in Angular screenshot attached

ng test - command to check test case in angular

In Parent(product-view.component) used @viewChild for modal popup

Pagination added with each page having 10 records. 

On click of column header sorting is handled.

Search on all fields.

once image generated by docker by name frontend below is the command to run 

docker run -p 4200:4200 frontend //navigate to frontend folder and give npm start also to view FN without apache...
